c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\Assets\microsoft-sdk.png
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\Assets\placeholder-sdk.png
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\Assets\smallTile-sdk.png
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\Assets\splash-sdk.png
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\Assets\squareTile-sdk.png
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\Assets\storeLogo-sdk.png
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\Assets\tile-sdk.png
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\Assets\windows-sdk.png
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\Sample-Utils\SampleTemplateStyles.xbf
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\CaptureVideo.xbf
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\CapturePhoto.xbf
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xbf
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\CameraCapture.xr.xml
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\CameraCapture.exe
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\CameraCapture.pdb
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\bin\Debug\CameraCapture.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\Sample-Utils\SampleTemplateStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\Sample-Utils\SampleTemplateStyles.g.cs
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\CaptureVideo.g.i.cs
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\CaptureVideo.g.cs
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\CapturePhoto.g.i.cs
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\CapturePhoto.g.cs
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\Sample-Utils\SampleTemplateStyles.xaml
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\CaptureVideo.xaml
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\CapturePhoto.xaml
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\Sample-Utils\SampleTemplateStyles.xbf
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\CaptureVideo.xbf
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\CapturePhoto.xbf
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xbf
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\CameraCapture.exe
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\CameraCapture.pdb
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\slipk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCaptureUI Samp1\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
